early next day the team take me to a
special place six months ago a warden
found a Siamese crocodiles nest
it's the only one they found in two
whole years of searching the team were
elated no they checked the precious eggs
and let nature take its course all
species of crocodile are surprisingly
caring mothers they dig out lists and
guard their eggs fiercely when they
hatch the babies called to their mother
that she carries them carefully to the
water what for this mother
something went will what happens with
this business unfortunately some Wanaka
wizards time and a night all the eggs in
nobody's family afternoon so you lost hi
rainy potential fumbling crocodiles here
well this business said I think 25 days
in it so it's a bit of a loss that's a
huge release when you consider this may
be all we think may be fewer than 250
adults left in the world in a world
where our pasta consumer us discs you
noticed would have really helped from
criminals
I didn't realize how badly using the
nest had affected everybody if they
could fund more wardens like mr. could
the team could find unprotect more
crucial nests after this disappointment
mr. another crocodiles been seen in the
area this
so much time spent with what I never
even doing is because there's so few of
them
if you stand inside you for easy saying
of why we haven't seen the crocodiles
after a long walk back is up to me to
lift our spirits from my last night at
camp example me Scotland I've brought
them some gifts from Scotland yom-yom RP
Scotland tell you so brought you some
shortbread and more importantly whiskey
little bit yeah just work a little bit
the model
okay good yeah